Feature/new demo site (#1046)
daneden/animate.css: docs/pages/00-intro.md

> Animate.css v4 brought some **breaking changes**, please refer to the [migration guide](#migration) before updating from v3.x and under.

> **Animate.css** is a bunch of cool, fun, and cross-browser animations for you to use in your projects. Great for emphasis, home pages, sliders, and general just-add-water-awesomeness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Animate.css** is a library of ready-to-use, cross-browser animations for use in your web projects. Great for emphasis, home pages, sliders, and attention-guiding hints.
```
